fix(oidc): revamp OIDC verification protocol (#35)
TankerHQ/spec: protocol.md

For the *application* to offer OpenID Connect as a verification method, *application* owners need to register their `OIDC`'s `Client ID` to the *Tanker App*.

> The steps to verify the *user* using OpenID Connect are as follow:

Reviewer: as follows

1. The *user* requests a random `nonce` from *Tanker Core*

> 1. *Tanker Core* generates an asymetric key pair and records the key pair on the *user*'s device

Reviewer 2: user's device storage ?

Author: sometimes it's RAM only (ie. native). I'm not sure we need to be that precise

> 1. *Tanker Core* encodes the public key and returns it as `nonce`

Reviewer 2: as the nonce ?

Author: better?
```suggestion
1. *Tanker Core* encodes the public key and returns the encoded result to use as `nonce`
```

1. The *application* exchanges the `authorization code` to receive the *user* `ID Token` from the OpenID Connect provider
1. The *application* provides this `ID Token` to *Tanker Core* during [user registration](#user-registration) or later on
1. *Tanker Core* extracts the `nonce` from the `ID Token` and requests a `challenge` from the *Tanker server*
1. The *Tanker server* generates a `challenge`
1. The *Tanker server* records the `nonce` and the `challenge`
1. The *Tanker server* sends the `challenge`
1. *Tanker Core* signs the `challenge` with the secret key matching the `nonce`
1. *Tanker Core* sends a request to the *Tanker server*. The request contains the `ID Token`, the `challenge` and the `challenge`'s signature
1. The *Tanker server* verifies the provided `ID Token` according to [the OpenID recommendation](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#IDTokenValidation)
1. The *Tanker server* extracts the `nonce` from the `ID Token`, matches the `nonce`, the `challenge` and the recorded `challenge`
1. The *Tanker server* decodes the `nonce` into a public key and verifies the `challenge`'s signature with the key

> 1. The *Tanker server* extracts the *user*'s `subject` from the `ID Token` and hash the `subject` before storing it.

Reviewer: and hashes

1. The *user* receives an `authorization code` from the OpenID Connect provider
1. The *application* exchanges the `authorization code` to receive the *user* `ID Token` from the OpenID Connect provider

> 1. The *application* provides this `ID Token` to *Tanker Core* during [user registration](#user-registration) or later on

Reviewer 2: or later on -> user/device verification ?

1. *Tanker Core* extracts the `nonce` from the `ID Token` and requests an [OIDC Challenge] from the *Tanker server*
1. The *Tanker server* generates an [OIDC Challenge]
1. The *Tanker server* records the `nonce` and the [OIDC Challenge]
1. The *Tanker server* sends the [OIDC Challenge]
1. *Tanker Core* signs the [OIDC Challenge] with the secret key matching the `nonce`
1. *Tanker Core* sends a request to the *Tanker server*. The request contains the `ID Token`, the [OIDC Challenge] and the [OIDC Challenge]'s signature
1. The *Tanker server* verifies the provided `ID Token` according to [the OpenID recommendation](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#IDTokenValidation)
1. The *Tanker server* extracts the `nonce` from the `ID Token`, matches the `nonce`, the request's [OIDC Challenge] and the recorded [OIDC Challenge]
1. The *Tanker server* decodes the `nonce` into a public key and verifies the [OIDC Challenge]'s signature with the key

> 1. The *Tanker server* extracts the *user*'s `subject` from the `ID Token` and hashes the `subject` before storing it.

Reviewer 2: We check the ID token client somewhere right ?

Author: What do you mean?
> The *Tanker server* verifies the provided `ID Token` according to [the OpenID recommendation](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#IDTokenValidation)

should cover it.

If you mean client side that's a no. We never did (mostly because we don't have the client ID in the SDK)

Reviewer 2: Missed that sorry!
